README.md, before:

# Serverless Plugin Notification

[![serverless](http://public.serverless.com/badges/v3.svg)](http://www.serverless.com)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/serverless-plugin-notification.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/serverless-plugin-notification)

## Requirement
1. Serverless 1.x
2. Project setup for AWS provider

## Plugin installation
1. Open a terminal to your Serverless project
2. `npm install --save-dev serverless-plugin-notification`
3. Add `serverless-plugin-notification` in your `serverless.yml` file (see [Serverless docs](https://serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/plugins/#installing-plugins))
4. Follow platform specific installation
  - [Slack](#slack)

## Supported platforms

### Slack

#### Feature
1. Notify service deployment to predefined Slack channel with custom username. Supporting states
  - Deployment started
  - Deployment succeeded
  - Deployment failed
2. Predefined message format
3. Support Slack thread

#### Platform installation

In your `serverless.yml` fill the following configuration
```yaml
custom:
  notification:
    slack:
      token: /* Your slack token here */ - Follow https://api.slack.com/bot-users to get bot access token
      channel:  /* Your channel name here */ e.g '#serverless' NOTE: Using direct message '@person' will have 'channel_not_found' error at `Deployment succeeded` and `Deployment failed`
      username: /* (Optional) Username that will be used to post the message */
```

#### Response demo

Commit message:

Improve message and reply format

README.md, after:

# Serverless Plugin Notification

[![serverless](http://public.serverless.com/badges/v3.svg)](http://www.serverless.com)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/serverless-plugin-notification.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/serverless-plugin-notification)

## Requirement
1. Serverless 1.x
2. Project setup for AWS provider

## Plugin installation
1. Open a terminal to your Serverless project
2. `npm install --save-dev serverless-plugin-notification`
3. Add `serverless-plugin-notification` in your `serverless.yml` file (see [Serverless docs](https://serverless.com/framework/docs/providers/aws/guide/plugins/#installing-plugins))
4. Follow platform specific installation
  - [Slack](#slack)

## Debug
Use `SLS_DEBUG=*` or `SLS_DEBUG=notification` to show plugin logs

## Supported platforms

### Slack

#### Feature
1. Notify service deployment to predefined Slack channel with custom username. Supporting states
  - Deployment started
  - Deployment succeeded
  - Deployment failed
2. Predefined message format - General info in post, function and endpoint listing in thread reply
3. Support Slack thread

#### Platform installation

In your `serverless.yml` fill the following configuration
```yaml
custom:
  notification:
    slack:
      token: /* Your slack token here */ - Follow https://api.slack.com/bot-users to get bot access token
      channel:  /* Your channel name here */ e.g '#serverless' NOTE: Using direct message '@person' will have 'channel_not_found' error at `Deployment succeeded` and `Deployment failed`
      username: /* (Optional) Username that will be used to post the message */
```

#### Response demo
